
FIGURE 0:
Liver biopsy and photographs of the hands and arms. (a) Liver biopsy at the age of 1 month. I- Fibrosis in and between portal spaces (arrows) (Masson trichrome stain, x100). II- Multiple new vessels in periphery of portal fibrosis (arrows) (CD34 immunostain, x100). III- Portal space with a vein (V), artery (a). no bile duct is seen (H&amp;E, x200). IV- Portal space with no discernible bile duct (H&amp;E, x200). V-Bile ductular proliferation around portal space (P) (CK19 immunostain, x200). (b) Photographs demonstrating joint laxity and skin hyper-elasticity. I- passive dorsiflexion of the right thumb beyond the flexor aspect of the forearm consistent with joint hypermobility. II- Short hands squared distal fingers and 5th finger clinodactyly. III- The skin of the lower arm is easily stretched indicating abnormal skin elasticity.
FIGURE 1:
Segregation, protein location and conservation of IARS variants. (a) Pedigree showing the segregation of IARS variants detected. The two unaffected sisters did not carry both variants. (b) IARS protein domains and location of the missense substitutions. (c) Conservation down to yeast and previously described catalytic active site 13 and tRNA binding site 12.
                     
FIGURE 2:
Effects of IARS variants on cell growth in yeast complementation assays. The p.Phe556Ser and p.Arg739Cys IARS variants cause severely depleted cell growth in yeast complementation assays. A haploid yeast strain deleted for endogenous ISL1 (with viability maintained by a URA3-bearing plasmid harboring wild-type ISL1) was transformed with a pYY1 plasmid containing wild-type IARS, the indicated mutant form of IARS, or no insert ('Empty'). Cultures for each strain (labeled along the top) were grown for 2 days in liquid medium, diluted or left saturated (indicated along the left), spotted on solid medium containing 5-FOA to select for spontaneous loss of the URA3-bearing maintenance vector, and grown at 30degC for either two days (top panel) or four days (bottom panel). The '1' and '2' annotations indicate the use of two independently generated mutant IARS expression constructs. Please note the weak growth of cells expressing p.Ph556Ser IARS after four days (compare the 1:10 dilutions of wild-type and p.Phe556Ser IARS in the bottom panel).
                     