
FIGURE 0:
Wholeexome de novo variant identification. Identification of 10 novel de novo variants in patients with isolated coloboma from family trios. Pedigree structures are shown with the gene variant detailed below each pedigree (chromatograms for each individual for whom DNA was available for targeted Sanger resequencing are presented in Supp. Fig. S1). Probands are indicated with an arrow.
FIGURE 1:
Functional effects of de novo variants on the ACTG1 interactome. A: A scaled cartoon illustrating the positions of the de novo variants in each protein. Domains for each protein are indicated: EFHand; CH, calponin homology; ADFH, actin depolymerizing family homology. The LCP1 p.(Asn608Ser) variant is positioned in the fourth CH domain and the TWF1 p.(Pro349Ser) variant is in the Cterminal tail domain of Twinfilin1. The p.(Pro70Leu) variant is indicated on the ACTG1 model (above), together with known BaraitserWinter syndrome mutations (below; p.(Ser155Phe) is a recurrent variant). Inset: a schematic of the actin interactions for Twinfilin1 and LCP1. B: The intraprotein residue interactions of Pro in wildtype (WT) ACTG1 are depicted on the crystal structure of actin bound to ADP (PDB ID: 1J6Z) on the left panel. The right panel depicts the FoldX lowest energy conformer for mutant Leu that indicates significant interatomic clashes with neighboring side chains Met and Ile. In silico protein design algorithm FoldX predicted that the p.(Pro70Leu) change severely destabilizes protein structure with a G &gt;6.3 kcal/mol, where &gt;1.6 kcal/mol indicates a severely destabilizing mutation. C: Immunofluorescence analyses on MEF cultures obtained from CRISPR/Cas9edited mouse embryos using antibodies specific to Actb and Actg1 indicated a reduction of Factin incorporation for Acgt1 Leu compared with WT. In contrast, incorporation of Actb into filaments appeared equivalent in both genotypes. D: Tetracyclin (TET)inducible HEK293 cell lines expressing either mutant Leu or WT forms ACTG1 tagged with eGFP at the Nterminus were used for standard cosedimentation assays to separate the G and Factin components (G and F, respectively). A significant reduction of the mutant protein was observed in the Gactin phase (asterisk); however, levels were comparable to WT in the Factin phase (top). F and Gactin were unchanged for endogenous Actg1 (middle) and Actb (below). E: Coimmunoprecipitation assays using GFP actin as bait were subjected to mass spectrometry and showed that the p.(Pro70Leu) change affected interactions of Actg1 with multiple known actininteracting factors (Supp. Table S2). Western blotting confirmed these for twinfilin1, CAPz, cofilin, and profilin. In contrast, Leu enhanced interactions of Actg1 with multiple subunit components of the chaperonin containing TCP1 complex, confirmed by western blot with an antiCCT4 antibody.
                  