Entity0
Oligonucleotide primers for cDNA sequencing and genomic amplification andsequencing
Entity1
Functional defects in neutrophils from the patient. (A) Chemotactic ability assessed by Boyden chamber method toward 108 (1) or 109 M fMLP (2) or 10% zymosan-activated serum (3). Vertical numbers indicate numbers of cells in a field. We used different concentrations of fMLP because we found previously that concentrations of fMLP necessary for maximum chemotactic ability were different between the cells from cord and adult blood. Chemotactic ability of cord blood neutrophils was 7080% of normal adults at an optimum concentration of fMLP for adult cells. In each concentration, the cells from the patient exhibited significant chemotaxis deficiency even compared with the ability of the cells from cord blood. (B) Maximum rate of superoxide generation assayed on exposure to 2  107 M fMLP (1), 2  107 M fMLP plus 2.5 g/ml cytochalasin D (2), or 2.5 g/ml cytochalasin D plus 50 g/ml Con A (3). Vertical numbers indicate nanomoles of superoxide/minute/106 neutrophils. Open column, patient; closed column, control. (C) Relative change of fluorescence as an indication of depolarization and repolarization of patient (Left) and control neutrophils (Right). Di-O-C5 [3] was used as the lipophilic probe, and 2  107 M fMLP was used as a stimulus (arrows). Neutrophils immediately after isolation (a) and those stored on ice for 1 hour (b) were used.
Entity2
Analysis of proteins from the patients (A) and normal control neutrophils (B) with 2D PAGE. Closed arrows indicate - (left) and -actin (right), and an open arrow indicates a unique spot. Molecular weight markers are indicated on the left.
Entity3
In vitro translation products of actin cDNAs cloned from patients cells and normal control cells. Products of control -actin (A), -actin (B), and the mutant -actin cDNAs together with control -actin molecules (C) were subjected to 2D PAGE. Closed and open arrows indicate products of normal and mutant actin cDNA, respectively. Each set of spots includes both nonacetylated (right) and acetylated actin (left). Molecular weight markers are indicated on the left.
Entity4
Sequences around 1,174 of the actin cDNAs. The sense sequences and predicted amino acid sequences of control (Upper) and patients specimen (Lower) are shown.
Entity5
HinfI digestion profile of PCR-generated, 405-bp fragment of -actin gene from the patient (Pt) and Control (C13). Arrows from top to bottom indicate the position of 405-, 340-, and 65-bp fragments in this order. Mobility of each marker is indicated on the right.
Entity6
Copolymerization of mutant and normal actin molecules from the patient B cell line. The cytosolic fraction from [35S]methionine-labeled patients cell (A) were polymerized and depolymerized as described in the text. The procedures were repeated three times, and, each time after centrifugation, the precipitate was analyzed by 2D PAGE (BD). Open arrows indicate the mutant actin.
Entity7
Binding of actin to profilin. The 35S-labeled translation products of normal and mutant actin cDNAs were incubated with the GST-profilin-beads or GST-beads at 4C for 2 hours. Recovered labeled actin from the beads was subjected to SDS/PAGE. The gel was dried and exposed to Fuji imaging plate, and radioactivity of the actin band was determined by using Bas 2000 (Fuji). The values after subtraction of those obtained by using GST-beads (<10%) are plotted. Open circle, control -actin; closed circle, mutant -actin.
