Figure1. - Summary of gene and pedigree analyses
for a family with DFNA20/26. (A) A schematic of the ACTG1
gene showing the location of previously published mutations.
Mutations associated with DFNA20/26 are indicated above the gene
with orange squares. The mutation detected in the present study is
indicated with a red square. Mutations associated with
Baraitser-Winter cerebrofrontofacial syndrome 2 (BRWS2) are
indicated below the gene with green squares. (B) Pedigree of the
family and identification of the novel heterozygous missense
mutation c.94C>T in ACTG1. The black arrow indicates the
proband patient III-1. Darkened symbols represent the affected
members. Asterisks indicate sampled subjects. (C) Sanger sequencing
confirmed the mutation in the patients (II-2 and III-1) and the
wild-type genotype in unaffected family members (I-2, II-3, and
III-2).
TableI. - ACTG1 variants in autosomal
dominant sensorineural hearing impairment and Baraitser-Winter
cerebrofrontofacial syndrome 2 (BWCFF2).
Figure2. - Facial and auditory features of
patients. (A) Photograph of the proband (III-1). At his age of 4
years 6 months, he exhibits a distinctive face owing to the
reconstructed philtrum and upper lip by cheiloplasty. (B)
Photograph of the patients father (II-2). At 53-years-old, he
reveals no distinctive craniofacial features. (C) ABR threshold was
recorded in the proband (III-1) bilaterally using click stimuli at
the age of 20 days. The ABR demonstrated severe sensorineural
hearing loss with threshold at 90 dB nHL. (D) Auditory steady-state
response audiometry of the proband (III-1) also exhibited severe
sensorineural hearing loss with hearing threshold 80 dB nHL in
right and 7080 dB nHL in left at 5001,000 Hz. ABR, auditory
brainstem response.
TableII. - Summary of the disease-causing novel
mutation in ACTG1.
Figure3. - p.P32S mutation in ACTG1. (A)
Structural summary of -actin obtained using the protein feature
view of the Protein Data Bank (http://www.wwpdb.org/). Vertical red bar indicates the
location of the P32S mutation. P32S is close to the phosphorylation
site in the purple bar. P32S was located in a potentially
disordered region (red), and grey indicates protein disorder
predictions. The hydrophobic region is indicated in red. (B) 32.Pro
in wild-type actin has two hydrogen bonds. (C) Structural modeling
of mutant 32.Ser showing a new hydrogen bond that interacts with
15.Gly.
