Figure1. Summary of gene and pedigree analysesfor a family with DFNA20/26. (A) A schematic of the ACTG1gene showing the location of previously published mutations. Mutations associated with DFNA20/26 are indicated above the genewith orange squares. The mutation detected in the present study isindicated with a red square. Mutations associated withBaraitser-Winter cerebrofrontofacial syndrome 2 (BRWS2) areindicated below the gene with green squares. (B) Pedigree of thefamily and identification of the novel heterozygous missensemutation c.94C>T in ACTG1. The black arrow indicates theproband patient III-1. Darkened symbols represent the affectedmembers. Asterisks indicate sampled subjects. (C) Sanger sequencingconfirmed the mutation in the patients (II-2 and III-1) and thewild-type genotype in unaffected family members (I-2, II-3, andIII-2).
TableI. ACTG1 variants in autosomaldominant sensorineural hearing impairment and Baraitser-Wintercerebrofrontofacial syndrome 2 (BWCFF2).
Figure2. Facial and auditory features ofpatients. (A) Photograph of the proband (III-1). At his age of 4years 6 months, he exhibits a distinctive face owing to thereconstructed philtrum and upper lip by cheiloplasty. (B)Photograph of the patients father (II-2). At 53-years-old, hereveals no distinctive craniofacial features. (C) ABR threshold wasrecorded in the proband (III-1) bilaterally using click stimuli atthe age of 20 days. The ABR demonstrated severe sensorineuralhearing loss with threshold at 90 dB nHL. (D) Auditory steady-stateresponse audiometry of the proband (III-1) also exhibited severesensorineural hearing loss with hearing threshold 80 dB nHL inright and 7080 dB nHL in left at 5001,000 Hz. ABR, auditorybrainstem response.
TableII. Summary of the disease-causing novelmutation in ACTG1.
Figure3.p. P32S mutation in ACTG1. (A)Structural summary of -actin obtained using the protein featureview of the Protein Data Bank (http://www.wwpdb.org/). Vertical red bar indicates thelocation of the P32S mutation. P32S is close to the phosphorylationsite in the purple bar. P32S was located in a potentiallydisordered region (red), and grey indicates protein disorderpredictions. The hydrophobic region is indicated in red. (B) 32. Proin wild-type actin has two hydrogen bonds. (C) Structural modelingof mutant 32. Ser showing a new hydrogen bond that interacts with15. Gly.
